don't see as many championship ribbons
on the view all the thing on the the
Hughes how got confused now
understandably so we know you oh I just
love the battle bunny riven cuz the
Giada crazy start let's love that I love
the giant care there there's been some
talk about this I think I was kind of
wondering we were gonna see this yeah
this go for the hardcore region billed
as I mentioned before yes couponing
Leone opening if you get two and a half
minutes of pure region off of a rejuve
beat that's a full health potion so it's
running two of those I'm to you what's
that now we're talking one minute 15
seconds exactly every minute 15 seconds
that he's not at full health he's
consumed another full health potion so
as long as he's able to keep best driven
na from getting a really hardcore all in
at level to which he doesn't have
exhausts so that's one thing it's worth
pointing out that he can kind of be
afforded a little bit more passive an
item build because there's only one
offensive summoner on best grip in the
day so he's trying to take full
advantage of that and he's also trying
to take full advantage of spamming out
his emotes while he walks back and forth
between towers it's good that's the
stutter step you got to learn that if
you're going to ever micro the zerglings
you know you got to really be able to
split their you get a stutter step with
this with the with the stim make sure
they don't even getting close exactly
it's all about my crown you don't wanna
get surrounded you know you're
surrounded those Marines are dead I mean
that ribbons dead oh man I need to
update the stream title hero fast I'll
do that well these guys wait for the
creeps to meet each other than midnight
not normally our job where slight blind
why isn't he doing this yeah hey meep
ping ping be my bro me down here I know
it's like it's not even paying attention
to this tournament that's gonna gonna
leave the brush without any kind of a
fight and Malthus getting a little get a
little crackly over there
oh no escape please how taken up to half
and ribbon best for me today gonna pop
that quick fast there and then go on a
run once again he's getting this off but
she's gonna have the fast level two he's
got the red elixir down so if he can
he's gonna be looking for heart engage
in here how has to be careful not to let
himself get caught into in the level two
verses of a Wang situation how gonna get
a hot dog and man that read you be not
looking great right now ignites gonna
burn him down first logical today two
minutes and a little bit extra and then
he pops out at